Hi everyone.
My name is Bryan Hansen.
Welcome to my course, Spring Fundamentals.
I'm the director of software development at Software Technology Group.
The Spring Framework has taken the Java community by storm,
making web and enterprise development much simpler than it previously was.
In this course,
we're going to cover the fundamentals of Spring
development by going through the various configuration
methods that are available inside Spring.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include Java configuration,
autowiring, and advanced bean configuration.
By the end of this course,
you'll know the configuration methods available in
Spring and how they'll benefit your code.
Before beginning the course, you should be familiar with Java,
but no previous Spring experience is required.
From here,
you should feel comfortable diving into Spring with courses on Spring MVC,
Spring Data JPA, and Spring Security.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn the fundamentals of
Spring development with the Spring Fundamentals course, at Pluralsight.